Hello notes! https://classroom.udacity.com/courses/ud282/lessons/8192650550/concepts/38f71cca-9f97-4fbd-baee-7c39914b9376

###L5 Debugging

#JDK - The Java Development Kit

Contains the Java Runtime Environment - which contains all the builtin functions that are ready for us to use.
It also contains the Java Virtual Machine - which allows Java code to run on any platform.

We also need the Java compiler - it translates code into a form that a computer can understand and run.

Java code gets compiled into bytecode, then the JVM translates that into the machine code for whatever platform you are on.


#Command Prompt:
You can use the command prompt to compile and run Java on your machine.
Java code can be written in any text editor, but in order to turn it into code that can be run, you need to compile it first.
Once the code is compiled, you can then run that code using a command line command.

To compile: javac HelloWorld.java
To run: java HelloWorld

(HelloWorld.java should be the filename of the file you want to compile)
(When running HelloWorld, you shouldn't include the .java extension)

Some notes:
 - Your filename of your .java file that you want to compile has to match the same name as the class inside the file
 (So if your file has 'public class HelloWorld', your file has to be named HelloWorld.java)
 - Generally, your class should begin in an uppercase letter. So HelloWorld is preferred over helloWorld.


#Using an IDE such as IntelliJ
IDE's (integrated development environments) - a full-featured tool to create code in. Plain text editors are okay, but a full IDE
has a many more useful features and tools to make things easier.

Some of these features:
 - Syntax hints (tooltips)
 - Code syntax coloring
 - Error checking
 - Code organization / tree structure

#Choosing an SDK
When creating a new project, it will ask you which SDK (JDK) to use for development - in most cases we will use 1.8.


#New Project in IntelliJ
In the beginning when we create a new project we will want to create from template and choose Command Line App template.

The Project name needs to be specified, then it will create a folder for us where it is stored.

Then it will create a base package (com.yourprojectname) -- if you were to distribute your project online, you'd want a unique name here.


#Project Structure
When viewing your project, you will see your main project - if you expand that you will see SRC which hosts the main source code for your project.
Below SRC you would find com.yourprojectname (aka - your package) - and then below that you would find the main class for your application.


#Tic Tac Toe Game
We'll download and edit some code for a Tic Tac Toe game for us to edit and play.

The current code cannot detect when someone has won (3 x's or 3 o's in a row)

The challenge is to modify the code to detect when there is a winning condition.


#Importing the code Using Gradle
